Apache Kafka
https://kafka.apache.org/

Apache Kafka Quickstart
https://kafka.apache.org/quickstart

Documentation
https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/

Configuration
https://kafka.apache.org/documentation.html#configuration

Use cases
https://kafka.apache.org/documentation.html#uses

DockerHub Apache Kafka
https://hub.docker.com/r/apache/kafka

Kafka Docker documentation
https://github.com/apache/kafka/tree/trunk/docker/examples
https://github.com/apache/kafka/blob/trunk/docker/examples/README.md
https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#docker

Adding support for https-based remote URL addresses in docker compose
https://github.com/docker/compose/issues/10360

Docker Image apache/kafka:3.7.0
https://hub.docker.com/layers/apache/kafka/3.7.0/images/sha256-3e324d2bd331570676436b24f625e5dcf1facdfbd62efcffabc6b69b1abc13cc

Confluent Community Docker Image for Apache Kafka
https://hub.docker.com/r/confluentinc/cp-kafka

What is Apache Kafka?
https://www.conduktor.io/kafka/what-is-apache-kafka/

What Is Apache Kafka?
https://developer.confluent.io/what-is-apache-kafka/

Apache KafkaÂ® Tutorials
https://developer.confluent.io/tutorials/

Apache Kafka for beginners
https://www.cloudkarafka.com/blog/part1-kafka-for-beginners-what-is-apache-kafka.html

Github actions
https://github.com/confluentinc/confluent-kafka-go/blob/master/.github/workflows/base.yml

Example GitHub Actions for Apache Kafka client
https://github.com/ybyzek/kafka-github-actions

Install Confluent Platform Using Docker
https://docs.confluent.io/platform/current/installation/docker/installation.html#install-cp-using-docker

Batch processing with Apache Kafka
https://www.kadeck.com/blog/how-to-implement-batch-processing-with-apache-kafka

Batch Processing for Efficiency
https://docs.confluent.io/kafka/design/efficient-design.html

Swoole PHP Kafka client **********
https://github.com/swoole/phpkafka

Examples:
https://github.com/hanhyu/wlsh-framework/blob/wlsh/tests/others/kafkaProducer.php
https://github.com/hanhyu/wlsh-framework/blob/wlsh/tests/others/kafkaCustomer.php

Kafka client for Hyperf
https://github.com/hyperf/kafka
https://github.com/hyperf/kafka/blob/master/publish/kafka.php

Async-queue (based on Redis)
https://github.com/hyperf/async-queue

imi-kafka
https://github.com/imiphp/imi-kafka

Client integration for Kafka in Yii2
https://github.com/glsv/yii2kafka

Message queue in PHP using Kafka...
https://blog.vladverpeta.com/message-queue-in-php-using-kafka-with-an-acks

Php-Kafka demo
https://github.com/Phillaf/php-kafka-demo

Open-Source Web UI for Apache Kafka Management
https://github.com/provectus/kafka-ui

Kafka Queue
https://www.projectpro.io/article/kafka-queue/932
    Kafka's consumer groups ...

Kafka Docker
https://lenses.io/apache-kafka-docker/

Apache Kafka Disaster Recovery
https://github.com/lucianocarvalho/kafka-disaster-recovery

Kafka-php
https://github.com/weiboad/kafka-php
https://packagist.org/packages/nmred/kafka-php

Example
https://demyanov.dev/using-php-apache-kafka

Example of the client
https://github.com/voyage-h/spider

Check how to use in CI
https://github.com/jobcloud/php-kafka-lib

Bash Script - Store PHP INI location in a variable
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48249269/bash-script-store-php-ini-location-in-a-variable

Kadeck GUI
https://www.kadeck.com/get-kadeck
https://help.xeotek.com/portal/en/kb/xeotek/user-guide
    Wait ~60 seconds for Kadeck to become available at
    http://localhost:80 and log in using admin as the username and password.
